Nothing much.
Just routine, a casual chat.
Let's begin.
Name.
Luo Xiao.
Gender.
Male.
What's your relationship with
Fengmao Business Consulting Co., Ltd.?
Legal counsel.
What exactly do you handle?
Specifically...
well...
Here, Bro Mao.
Xiao.
There's something
I need you to think it through for me.
Boss Chen.
Bro Mao is Boss Chen's nickname.
I know that much.
Since I don't go to Fengmao often,
I don't see him much either.
A Xin.
The guy who drives the small van, remember?
He's gone.
Gone?
Ran off?
Dead.
Of course I know about Chen Yongjiang.
But
I'm a lawyer,
not a magician.
How do you think you got this far?
That day...
That day I went to ask for time off.
Chen Yongjiang...
Chen Yongjiang wasn't there, right?
Over there.
Yeah, that one.
That bag right there.
Yes, that bag.
It's pretty big.
A fisherman.
He hooked this bag in the water,
pulled it up and found a body.
Called the police right away.
Check around the reservoir entrance.
See if there's any dashcam footage.
Call the forensics team right over.
Have them take samples on-site.
Got it.
Zhang Da.
We just pulled it out.
Good.
What's his name?
Chen Guang.
How's the investigation going?
Almost done.
Good.
Boss.
Forty-two pieces.
The victim's name is Xin Qili,
known as A Xin.
Thirty-three years old, local.
He was a freelance freight driver.
Used an old white van year-round
to take on odd local delivery jobs.
Mixed business, highly mobile.
Jailed six years ago for economic crimes,
later released early
for good behavior.
Footage near the reservoir shows
that night at 4:13,
a black MPV entered,
and returned at 4:33.
Initial screening of other vehicles
shows no direct social ties
with the victim.
But this Fengmao Company,
the victim had delivered small goods for them.
That counts as financial dealings.
Fengmao Company.
Why does that ring a bell?
Weren't you the one who told Bro Mao
to go find A Xin and sign that
compensation agreement?
That's why Bro Mao went.
Who knew the punk would push his luck?
He demanded 200,000 from us.
Bro Mao lost his temper.
Hit him a bit too hard.
Ended up killing him.
At the time, I was
drunk.
So I just rushed to dispose of him.
Grabbed a chainsaw,
chopped him up right there.
Dumped him in the old reservoir.
Didn't expect
the bag
didn't sink.
It floated up.
That's it.
That's the whole story.
So, you know,
help your bro figure this out.
Lawyer Luo.
This whole thing started because of you.
You've got to take responsibility, right?
How am I supposed to take responsibility?
I told A Xin to sign a contract.
I didn't tell him to die!
That whole Fengmao mess,
the case files in our records room
could stack up into a pile.
Private loans,
contract disputes, violent collection.
Goes on all year round.
Boss.
I remember Fengmao's lawyer
is your brother-in-law, right?
Wife's sister's husband.
Let's go.
Where to?
A trip to Fengmao.
Ah Kai.
Let's turn ourselves in.
While we still can.
The motive,
and evidence are all still pretty clear.
I can pull some strings.
Try to get it classified as
a crime of passion from a dispute.
Or maybe
manslaughter.
We can describe
how you lost control while drunk.
Plus you turning yourself in.
Within the legal framework right now,
this is the only
chance for leniency,
the only way to save your life.
Save my life?
Rot in prison until I die?
Is there any other way?
Well,
then,
the only option is to run.
You
You said just now
where were you and your daughter going?
Bro Mao.
We're all in this life together,
we're brothers, right?
Today your bro's hit a wall.
Help your bro out.
Bro Mao, this time is really different.
This, this is murder.
I'm a lawyer, I can't...
We're friends.
You help me escape,
that's the only way you stay alive.
You get it?
I'm not forcing you.
Your bro just doesn't want to die.
I'm not involved.
Like hell you aren't.
So get your head straight.
We're in the same boat.
Careful, careful.
This won't work.
Can't lie here.
Too easy to get spotted.
Can't let anyone see you.
Okay.
I'll leave that jacket for you as a pillow.
Watch your head, bro.
Bro, I'll grab you some water for the road.
Get back here.
Don't let the cops see you.
Hurry up and close the lid.
Got it.
Closing it now, bro.
Brother-in-law.
What are you doing here?
I... I was working.
I'm done now.
Just dropping off some documents.
And you guys are...
working on a case?
Uncle!
Paopao!
You're working today too?
You're out working,
and you brought Paopao along?
Well, today...
I'm taking her to Donglan to play.
So I dropped off the documents early,
so I won't have to come back.
Paopao,
where's your backpack?
Mommy got me a day off
so I can have fun.